[E&A] Add docs for `jina-reranker-v2` (#4226)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/machine-learning/nlp/ml-nlp-jina.md

For more information about the model, refer to the [model card](https://huggingface.co/jinaai/jina-reranker-v2-base-multilingual) on Hugging Face.

### Requirements [jina-reranker-v2-req]

To use `jina-reranker-v2`, you must have the [appropriate subscription](https://www.elastic.co/subscriptions) level or the trial period activated.

### Getting started with `jina-reranker-v2` through Elastic {{infer-cap}} Service

Create an {{infer}} endpoint that references the `jina-reranker-v2` model in the `model_id` field.

```console
PUT _inference/rerank/eis-jina-reranker-v2
{
  "service": "elastic",
  "service_settings": {
    "model_id": "jina-reranker-v2"
  }
}
```

The created {{infer}} endpoint uses the model for {{infer}} operations on Elastic {{infer-cap}} Service. You can reference the `inference_id` of the endpoint in `rerank` {{infer}} tasks.

> For example, the following API request ingests the input text and rank them by relevance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following API request ingests the input strings and ranks them by relevance:
```
